Create central "Elastic Stack settings" page (#1179)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/_snippets/es-config.md

> Any setting defined in the `elasticsearch.yml` configuration file can also be defined for a set of {{es}} nodes in the `spec.nodeSets[?].config` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{es}} settings that are typically defined in the `elasticsearch.yml` configuration file can be specified for a set of nodes in the `spec.nodeSets[?].config` section of the {{es}} resource manifest.
```

Not sure, what do you think? I didn't like much using the past participle (`defined`).
I've also removed the `also`.

> Some settings are managed by ECK. It is not recommended to change these managed settings. For a complete list, refer to [Settings managed by ECK](settings-managed-by-eck.md).

Author: ```suggestion
Some settings are managed by ECK. It is not recommended to change these managed settings. For a complete list, refer to [Settings managed by ECK](/deploy-manage/deploy/cloud-on-k8s/settings-managed-by-eck.md).
```
